README.md, before:

# Banana Farming 🍌

Feel free to read the code. More details coming soon.

https://apeswap.finance. 

## Solidity Standard Input
With the help of solt we can easily verify our contracts on Etherscan: https://github.com/hjubb/solt

## Updates to MasterApe
As MasterApe is fork of Pancake's MasterChef, we want to be transparent about the updates that have been made: https://www.diffchecker.com/XSrDXXBe

- Migrator Function removed: This function has been used in rug pulls before and as we want to build trust in the community we have decided to remove this. We don't claim to be the first, but we agree with the decision. 
- Farm safety checks. When setting allocations for farms, if a pool is added twice it can cause inconsistencies.
- Helper view functions. View functions can only read data from the contract, but not alter anything which means these can not be used for attacks. 
- Only one admin. A recent project was exploited that used multiple forms of admins to control the project. An admin function that was not timelocked was used to make the exploit. We want the timelock to have full control over the contract so there are no surprises

## Architecture
For a general overview of the architecture check out this diagram: 
![banana-farm-architecture](./images/ApeSwap-Architecture.png)

## Deployed Contracts / Hash

### BSCMAINNET

- BananaToken - https://bscscan.com/token/
- MasterApe - https://bscscan.com/address/
- (Uni|Cake)swapV2Factory - https://bscscan.com/address/
- (Uni|Cake)swapV2Router02 - https://bscscan.com/address/
- UniswapV2Pair init code hash - ``
- MultiCall -

Commit message:

add bnb rewards ape contract, update README

README.md, after:

# Banana Farming 🍌

This repo is home to the Farming contracts for ApeSwap. Liquidity pools are initialized and added as a staking token to the MasterApe contract. This MasterApe contract is also in control of the number of minted $BANANA per block. As users stake LP and other tokens, the MasterApe distributes them according to the weight of rewards of a specific pool along with an accounts stake in that pool.

https://apeswap.finance. 

## Solidity Standard Input
With the help of solt we can easily verify our contracts on Etherscan: https://github.com/hjubb/solt

## Updates to MasterApe
As MasterApe is fork of Pancake's MasterChef, we want to be transparent about the updates that have been made: https://www.diffchecker.com/XSrDXXBe

- Migrator Function removed: This function has been used in rug pulls before and as we want to build trust in the community we have decided to remove this. We don't claim to be the first, but we agree with the decision. 
- Farm safety checks. When setting allocations for farms, if a pool is added twice it can cause inconsistencies.
- Helper view functions. View functions can only read data from the contract, but not alter anything which means these can not be used for attacks. 
- Only one admin. A recent project was exploited that used multiple forms of admins to control the project. An admin function that was not timelocked was used to make the exploit. We want the timelock to have full control over the contract so there are no surprises

## Updates BNBRewardApe 
BNBRewardApe contract is a spin off of Pankcake's SmartChef contract, but will provide a means to distribute BNB for staking tokens in place of a BEP20 token. The updates may be found here: https://www.diffchecker.com/UAJKt5B2

## Architecture
For a general overview of the architecture check out this diagram: 
![banana-farm-architecture](./images/ApeSwap-Architecture.png)

## Deployed Contracts / Hash

### BSCMAINNET

Timelock: 0x2F07969090a2E9247C761747EA2358E5bB033460
MasterApe: 0x5c8D727b265DBAfaba67E050f2f739cAeEB4A6F9
SupportApe: 0x54aff400858Dcac39797a81894D9920f16972D1D
BananaToken: 0x603c7f932ED1fc6575303D8Fb018fDCBb0f39a95
BananaSplitBar: 0x86Ef5e73EDB2Fea111909Fe35aFcC564572AcC06
MultiCall: 0xc7Ad54Ff5C04A6E39D8C874A021aB0E42C45dE81
